we had ended up not seeing each year for ten years it was said
leaving but this time it's been there for three months in August
he trains himself gets ready rises
every morning proforma only one thing
more than I'm a kid% and it's a test that is important to me it's a
destined to deposit the world
year of the bike we take the speed to do it at least three times because
that France paid with her life for the first time and then after I know
not if their treatment
mickaël pichon whole brian passed on the edge of motocross pitches
the little family slung the charts a little thicker each
year
a first bike to 5 years for a first title of champion of France to
18 but what query fission the rocket a nickname that says a lot but
who does not say everything
the manceau is not only an ultra talented driver it's also
a champions mental one of our all emotions are in four years
for a lot of sport so from my fight it may be this state
spirit
we will overcome the competitive world in the soul
the high point of his career
the seasons 2 and a half billion
crowned by two world champion titles he was then the pilot
french most famous
but repeated injuries will slow his ascent and when he
returns to the race three years ago in pursuit of his past successes
passion
is no longer the same
it's true that the constraints of departure choice of the world are are too much
heavy
the power now because that's physically and mentally
the ball in the middle
exit the world championship fim grand prix
to travel across europe
from March to September
mickaël pichon free of this asset
these one-day races
three hours
nothing to do with those he has known for fifteen years it really changes the
motocross starting three weeks of campaign
at the haye serbia in three hours at the pump
we did not necessarily know a little bit faster it's a little bit
has been going on for a few years since
timotei potisek is certainly the fastest of all pilots each year
but hey, he's made some minor mistakes
the coach arnaud demeester artists who win what is the last mission
I think we are here and elsewhere I was convinced that I was a little
little ones and put them aside because that's what was preparing his
ranking
but I think that two-wheeled pilots have sinned by his grace to
everyone in the long run we will talk
and for those who still doubt his ability to win on the sand
here is a first answer
it was January 18 last also wore in a race comparable to
their office
applied for six years to prevail before Arnaud Finistere
The message is clear
it will not come only click and